# personality-quiz-
The personality test will determine whether an individual is an introvert, extrovert, or ambivert
Are You An Introvert, Extrovert, Or Ambivert?
The team members decided to create a personality quiz about be "introvert, extrovert, or ambivert"
 Personality Quiz The project will ask user to answer questions by muliple choice and then it will generate an answer for the user.
Myah Jackson (contributors)
Louneda Philippe (contributors)

Are you an introver, if yes congrats!You are special than you know!! ##Keep shining/

With age, we become more inventive. Our awareness of what is around us increases. The world around us can be understood so easily. Our familiarity with certain events will never change. The reason behavior differs between individuals is also becoming more apparent to us. In addition, We learned why people have different lifestyles. It took us a lot of time and effort to learn about character concerns. We interact with many people and participate in social experiences. Everything we do should be a learning experience. Character is what we want to focus on. People acted differently based on their culture, background, education level, and gender. People perceive introverts as calmer and less talkative. It is always a mystery to us why we are the way we're.
Despite this, we feel comfortable in our surroundings. It is acceptable for introverts to spend time alone without being harassed. Spending so little time sharing with others around introverts can be tedious. Criticizing it would be useless because it brings us peace. Do you know anyone who is an introvert? Having an enjoyable time with these people is a real pleasure. It is a pleasure to hear about their favorite memories. Their friendliness is evident. As a result, if you meet an introvert, try to bring them as much happiness and tranquility as you can. introverts have no one to soothe them. I want to think about how we acted in earlier environments. Instead of putting out a raging fire, introverts should keep calm. It is imperative to note that Introversion is a genetic trait. Nobody chooses to be an introvert or an Extrovert.

 An introvert's opposite is an extrovert. Extroverts are extroverted and gregarious individuals. Unlike introverts, they like recognition. Others do not immediately dismiss extroverts. Introverts dislike expressing themselves. They seldom express their emotions and sentiments. So, there must be an explanation for this human being's behavior. The answer will only come if you examine them or if you have ever spent time with someone whose personality mirrors that of an
introvert. Some people find themselves in the introverted world and find it difficult to break away from this way of life. Introverts think always. We always ask questions about ourselfs. Certain situations are difficult to tolerate. Yet, for fear of being frightened, some people opt to live monotonous lives.

Introverts always worry about how The rest of the world judges their failures, incapacity, and shortcomings. What if these introverts had someone to wipe their tears, someone to depend on, or someone to inspire them daily? Introverts are those who have been harmed physically or emotionally. Instead of being consoled, they received the opposite. Those who ignore their emotions laugh at and mock them at times. By interfering with someone's well-being, you put their emotions at risk. The world sometimes think of introverts as people who are afraid to express themselves, how they feel, and what they desire. Introverts are extremely careful before deciding. They are afraid of punishment for their mistakes. Introverts often dislike social occasions. Introverts are intimidated when they meet envious people who do not recognize others' efforts. They may even use nasty language or make statements that make someone never want to try again. Victims with no negotiating power will grieve quietly and wait for time to heal. 

Unfortunately, these memories never fade. People are haunted by them in the form of imagination. Therefore, They live a self-aware life. Group work is not an introvert's cup of tea. Introverts become fatigued after being around people, and Introverts escape to the privacy of their thoughts to relax. Introverts often use their imagination to solve problems. Introverts prefer to concentrate on their inner thoughts and feelings rather than relying on stimuli from outside sources. Introverts are often misunderstood by others. However, introversion is not synonymous with shyness or nervousness. Happiness is always associated with social ties and emotional regulation skills. Oops, you're learning more about us if you're reading this right now.

